# Project Directory Structure

The project directory has the following directories:

## data
Temporary files that hold graphs. Nothing specific or important.

## GraphClass
Files related to graph creation.
- `author.py`: holds the Author class, which is used for nodes.
- `connection.py`: holds the Connection class and its children, which are used for edges.
- `edge_color.py`: an enum for edge colors based on the subchild of Connection that an edge uses.
- `GraphClass.py`: holds the Graph class and the `expand_node` function, which are used for graph creation.
- `IDConstants.py`: holds data related to the datasources.

## libdatasources
Has all the files related to specific API lookups.
- `DataSource.py`: the parent class for all datasource classes.
- `find_in_other_databases.py`: contains `bulk_lookup`, which connects the ids across databases.
- `PatentView.py`: holds the functions for PatentView lookup.
- `SemanticScholar.py`: holds the functions for SemanticScholar lookup.

## static
Extra files to make the `.html` files functional.
- `lib`: bunch of library files generated by `pyvis`.
    - `utils.js`: does the filtering for the graph based on the text boxes.
- `custom.css`: style file for all `.html` files. Most of the entries are per id, anyway.
- `graph.js`: Javascript file for graph creation / `graph.html`.
- `import_graph.js`: Javascript file that contains graph importing functionality.
- `select.js`: generated by `pyvis`. Deals with the frontend of the filter boxes.
- `SSlovo.svg`: SS logo, as per the license terms.

## templates
All the HTML files.
- `base.html`: the base for all files, which defines some libraries and title.
- `error_page.html`: generic page that is shown whenever there is some error.
- `graph.html`: the graph page for the `/graph` endpoint.
- `header.html`: has the header, including the SS logo for compliance.
- `index.html`: the main page, contains the initial lookup forms.
- `information.html`: the information page, which contains info about the website.
- `query_results.html`: the `.html` file for the `/author-disambig` endpoint. Contains JS code in `<script>` tags.

## Files
- `app.py`: defines the endpoints for the server.
- `kill_server.sh`: stops the server on the VM.
- `lookup_forms.py`: defines the forms used in `index.html` and the `/` endpoint.
- `run_server.sh`: starts the server on the VM.